Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Galaxy A10e: Hello. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Galaxy A10e: You look
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish.
Galaxy A10e: No, actually.
Galaxy A10e: I'm all right. My daughter committed to try to commit suicide yesterday.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, yeah.
Galaxy A10e: So she tried to hang yourself wanting to know what's going through treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, and it's been like I talked her just for that. And I was like trying to think, why should we don't mean what happened between those times and
Galaxy A10e: I don't think she had the phone calls. I think it's just everything's everything's built not probably shot a 72 hour hold and
Galaxy A10e: I kept calling the hospital, the emergency room and
Galaxy A10e: And what's most fillers like our rows of the Sacramento and they wouldn't let me Dr. They said they kept saying, and a half an hour or we have a call you back. She didn't rush through
Galaxy A10e: Or we only have one phone but I kept you know I called back to like 11 o'clock last night and they still hadn't touched her except from her formal and
Galaxy A10e: So I woke up to seven Calder at 1030 is that, no. She's a, she's still or no this is waiting on the on call lady gets their
Galaxy A10e: Shift change and then call back and they can give me an update. I've gotten down to the aunties and often she does a photo. I'm like, What is going on, why they're like, you know, like, like shooting for me and like I want to learn so
Galaxy A10e: That's what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead, let it out.
Galaxy A10e: I know I've been I cry no in there but
Galaxy A10e: Like it's up and she wants to see your brothers. She got see any of the kids in 10 months, nine months.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah work or social worker gave her the number for the boys and then central call it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why not to call it.
Galaxy A10e: Should give us another good tip, don't call it might cause she don't want no
Galaxy A10e: Was it the what, no problems.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's their sister.
Galaxy A10e: Right.
Galaxy A10e: I know, but I think it was a number of, like, you know, I mean, why would you were the number of internal control.
Yeah.
But
Galaxy A10e: I couldn't get ahold of you, I'm
Galaxy A10e: Good woke up and um but immediately I couldn't get all you I text my worker and she called she takes me right back.
Galaxy A10e: With told her that I was
Galaxy A10e: Like I couldn't get ahold of you and
Galaxy A10e: That
Galaxy A10e: No matter where I'm push for but need somebody to talk to. You know, I mean,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Galaxy A10e: Because remember,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that that you're cooking breakfast.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Yummy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that. That's why you're doing all of this right is, you know, you have goals and it's to get your kids back
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
You know,
Galaxy A10e: Other lady texted me saying that she is on
Galaxy A10e: She the lady from social services or whatever. And she has a corporate or, you know, paid her to make a dis
Galaxy A10e: To place the kids and under three often but none of them are. She said, I lost my reunification, WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT IT, YEAH. THEY TURN IT services, you know, that moment, I can still talk about core because I'm trying to prove everything you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And if I
Galaxy A10e: But she didn't want me to just, you know, except that and and whatever the doctor. I'm not accept nothing, I want you know I mean nobody has even heard our story. Our, our kids or anything like our kids are devastating.
Galaxy A10e: Devastating. Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she's in charge of your kids is case as far as what's going to happen with them long term.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, and I go on, like, I know, I know it's been two months. How can they go and keep this stuff going when we shut down. We can't even go in
Galaxy A10e: I can go into why can't you don't either. I get all my knees like there's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's overwhelming. It's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you tell her that, did you tell her you know that you're doing.
Galaxy A10e: I didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Back yet.
Galaxy A10e: And I don't know what to say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Galaxy A10e: Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would tell her you know be due to the corner virus core, you know the the illness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you know you're really trying, you know, your best to work around all the closures of everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're still, you know, in treatment and you're coming to treatment on a regular basis, you're, you know what I mean, you're engaged in meetings, you're engaged in all of these things that you need to be engaged in
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know unfortunately you can't go face to face because there's nobody face innovation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know, and you know that it needs to be looked at a little bit more closer and her just, you know, making these decisions when she doesn't really know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Right, you just i mean i. She's like, You Got You have to. And she said, I want you to understand my you know her role in this, or whatever. But I understand. I understand that that's fine, but she doesn't know our particular case. So
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did you get that text from her.
Galaxy A10e: A couple days ago.
Galaxy A10e: And then what you really weird my work or just texted me this morning, my, my social workers at the one that usually is scheduled to visit and she texts me said asking asking us if we needed any phone minutes what what is going on.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know God.
Galaxy A10e: Me off. It's like I'm being lied to, or something, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or they're not communicating with each other.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, but he obviously knew when we lost correspond to my aid knows she's told me. Don't give up, you can still do this. She's the one that told me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can
Galaxy A10e: I know I can.
Galaxy A10e: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just wondering if there's any kind of connection between what happened with your daughter. And this worker contacting you
Galaxy A10e: Don't know.
You know,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that's a question that you should ask her if she had contact with your daughter.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
And
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to call down there and get I'm
Galaxy A10e: Just in her social guy.
Galaxy A10e: Then I'm going to call and talk to him.
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to make sure he's in the office and talk to him and ask him.
Galaxy A10e: You know why why often want to go the hospital, there's, you know, they asked my name in there.
Galaxy A10e: You know they lied to me. Okay. They didn't lie. That's fine. Welcome. She's not calling me back you know we love the number there. I've met her dad called so that way, maybe they would, you know, maybe it's just me.
Galaxy A10e: But
Galaxy A10e: And then her probation officer called woke up without sustaining she was told.
Galaxy A10e: But yeah, true can go anywhere else on my own good. It
Galaxy A10e: Just contacted anti she's contacted jerky. She, she called us enough to protect these numbers sister.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. I wish I had the answers I was, I was there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Galaxy A10e: And then, oh, I mean everybody should we change the circumstance period because all those Kobe.
Galaxy A10e: Kids like three weeks, and the fourth, the fourth week you have video chat and he always sits on the phone like six and a half minutes. You know, his mother said there the whole time right now or whatever, an hour.
Galaxy A10e: So I got to foster parents. And I was like, hey, can I, is there any way I could get like 10 minute phone calls for every day of the week, you know,
Galaxy A10e: And that's still where you would equal like you know the time that I have with my kid.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And with the foster parents say
Galaxy A10e: He said he doesn't talk to her alive. And that's a good question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, good. At least they're evaluating it. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta breathe a little bit done, you know. So when you come at it, you know, when you start talking to these people questions that you have. Write them down so that they're in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Front of you because you know it with your emotions high and your anxiety. Hi, this is a really stressful situation and it's easy to forget, you know, the questions that you wanted
Yes.
Galaxy A10e: Although I don't want you know how
Galaxy A10e: How important it is. Oh, you know, like those are like children and it's so important that I, I know that when I sit down and talk to her. I'm going to, you know, meet. I can't control my I could control it, but
Galaxy A10e: No we're not. Once on to the point where I just want. I just want to cry because nobody understand
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so you got to have a good cry before you meet her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to present yourself, you know,
Galaxy A10e: One right here.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to present yourself, you know, in a very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Calm manner. You know what I mean. Because even though it's it's a bunch of crazy stuff. And there's, there's a lot of miscommunication going on and everything is up in the air and
Galaxy A10e: Oh my god. Oh, golly, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ok ok ok
Galaxy A10e: I'm gonna take you out there.
Galaxy A10e: Gosh, his sister called a bunch of crap and then
Galaxy A10e: She got here. I told him not to go down there to get something to drink because I knew what the issues that he wouldn't you ain't
Galaxy A10e: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, I know there's a lot going on.
Galaxy A10e: Oh my god.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, come on.
Galaxy A10e: Get under your friggin freaked me out among phones therapist and I'm already kind of up the kids and the whole situation and I thought you were in a fight. So I want you to walk.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, well, I don't know.
Galaxy A10e: Come on please stay out of it.
Galaxy A10e: Jeff.
Galaxy A10e: Please.
Galaxy A10e: Okay. It wasn't him, thank God.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, baby, she's a good job. I think
Galaxy A10e: Jesus
Galaxy A10e: Like, I think that maybe they want to show you know maybe they want us to show another we want to fight for him, or I don't know.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know, but
Galaxy A10e: Making sure
Galaxy A10e: You're in control your own boss really productions.
Galaxy A10e: And go. Guess what else
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh god, I got that.
Galaxy A10e: I got that women for sobriety book.
Galaxy A10e: And it's no alcohol. And I'm like, why the $4 for books of alcohol.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Change the wording in it.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all you do. That's all you do.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, read it but read it as if you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Looking at it, looking at your scenario. So you take the alcohol out. You put you
Galaxy A10e: Know, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the same thing when you go to. It's like, you know, okay, if you've never had a problem with alcohol but you have substances, take the alcohol part out of it. Add the substances in there so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of replace that word.
Galaxy A10e: Good work on right away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's true. You know, a lot of time. A lot of things are geared around alcohol. But if you just take that word out and add, you know, even your substance you know your drug of choice. Put that in there and apply it to to that.
Galaxy A10e: Everybody does have a drug of choice, but, um, no. Oh, cuz you know i don't think i have a drug of choice or just like any drugs.
Galaxy A10e: I don't think there's only one like there was just, you know, maybe all mixed together or something on anything other than how I feel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta breathe.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I know.
Galaxy A10e: My test results.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know to be honest with you.
Galaxy A10e: Let me look
Galaxy A10e: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, sometimes it just takes forever to get into the system.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Pregnant
Galaxy A10e: You want to track him. He's suicide.
She is
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: They did blood work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she just found out
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: She told me you know that yes it's positive, but she told me that she's going off of her medicine. And I said,
Galaxy A10e: Hey, she period and that they did blood work. And I said, Well, so what I mean, she's like, Mom, drive to say
Galaxy A10e: No, but
Galaxy A10e: So,
Galaxy A10e: I just have to
Galaxy A10e: Just, I just have to be strong and
Galaxy A10e: Because I keep thinking like, I don't know how much work it takes. But if I were not to be here with my kids out. Nobody, they would have the foster parents
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to keep your eye on the prize. And I know it's tough. It almost feels like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My enterprise.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to just keep focused and it's tough. And I know it is, you know, sometimes it feels like it's it's overwhelmingly like they give you more than you can handle on purpose to see if you can handle it, you know.
Galaxy A10e: Well, I mean like if they did his should see how it is like
Galaxy A10e: You just don't know my kids like this enough for and then now this is tragic.
Galaxy A10e: Tragic for them all of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not over yet. Remember that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, remember that.
Galaxy A10e: You know that at first. What do you really got taken there they're running from us, you know, always wanting to leave and go places and
Galaxy A10e: Then the second they got taken away. It wasn't even a week and they were trying to run home you know they realized that life is so bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not
Galaxy A10e: I have to be stronger on you know keep my, um, what's it called about not only boundaries but
Galaxy A10e: Consequences, you know, production.
Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and it can be tough. I see that there's something in here and it was updated on April 10 but I can't figure out how to get to it.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did you do your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did you do your, your way.
Galaxy A10e: Oh my gosh. Now it's been four weeks ago.
Galaxy A10e: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did April 10
Galaxy A10e: Okay, when was oh that was like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was order and a leg.
Galaxy A10e: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that will today's the 15th. That was five days ago so
Galaxy A10e: They must have gotten it.
Galaxy A10e: I just go, oh,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Took the UAE or the order was created on the 28th of February.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Galaxy A10e: I have no yeah you. Somebody your age, and I think I went, I'm
Galaxy A10e: Either a week or we can have later on a Wednesday because Jeff neither
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fast
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's my go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Person.
Galaxy A10e: I've no conversation here.
Galaxy A10e: Like no counter space.
Galaxy A10e: Park to cook or two people.
Galaxy A10e: never really know at bat I make a ton of like a ton of
Galaxy A10e: I tried cut it down by half, at least, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last name.
Galaxy A10e: Is Adrian
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I am MGM yeah and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then nap, and I am as a married AGM
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Galaxy A10e: And I, and as in Nancy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See the results. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's pretty good about getting back to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, she's pretty good about getting back to me. So I'm hoping that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She does quickly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that we know. But it looks like something's in that I just can't pull up the paper because it's a paper copy. So I can't pull it up, anyone to set her health right
Galaxy A10e: Yeah circles health. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yep, that scissors in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to call that worker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: here a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember, write down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Write down your questions. Eat something very
Galaxy A10e: Good right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: calm yourself down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, OK. And when you talk to her. If you find feel yourself like getting you know worked up take deep breaths and try you know try to regroup, because what they hear is the emotions. They don't hear what you're saying.
Galaxy A10e: Right, and that's what I'm scared I'm scared to say I'm you know
Galaxy A10e: I don't know.
Galaxy A10e: I don't want to say it because then it might be creating I'm not gonna say it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't say it, but I'll just
Galaxy A10e: I'll pass it over to Jeff.
Galaxy A10e: Rigorous
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just take a minute and ask the questions that that you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you know, and give her the information that she doesn't have about your case. You know what I mean. And you can do it if you keep in your mind that you are a lawyer in your own case.
Galaxy A10e: And you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have to present the information in a very professional manner. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you keep that in your head when you get on the phone with her.
Galaxy A10e: Ah, OK. Your side by side.
That's okay, good.
Galaxy A10e: That works. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're gonna you're gonna breathe and take a moment and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: calm yourself down before you get on the phone with her.
Galaxy A10e: Okay. Is there any way I could see like talk to you tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tomorrow's Thursday Lucy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you call in and check in with me about four o'clock.
Galaxy A10e: Today, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tomorrow,
Galaxy A10e: Oh, tomorrow, yeah. Perfect, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, if you call it in a little bit before four and check in that you're going to meet me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then we should be good to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me put it. But in the meantime, I want you to just to eat, breathe. Write down your questions. You know what I mean. And, you know, just say your prayers dawn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, this is just a hurdle. Remember, you're going up a mountain like this new going on right now. And so you have bumps in the road.
Galaxy A10e: It's weird because oh Sunday I, you know, got to hold my worker and then after that I called true and she was at church so I what I got. But I immediately went to bridge way.
Galaxy A10e: Christian church or whatever. And it had live settings like exactly what you were thinking church and I swear, like the message that like all of a sudden you know he switched and
Galaxy A10e: It was just deep like I thought he was talking to me.
To ask you
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, so
Galaxy A10e: I talked to, like, hey, I went to church with you. And she's like, I know like how do you know they told me
Galaxy A10e: I'm like, whoa.
Galaxy A10e: That's cool.
Galaxy A10e: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She knew that you were there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Galaxy A10e: She's gone. She's gone through bunch just la
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's going through a bunch of stuff right now, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Everything she she got raised and never got dealt with she kept saying, no, it didn't happen.
Galaxy A10e: I'm sure and go to the hospital. That's one of the things I learned in that one class.
Galaxy A10e: Recap is that I should have made her go to the hospital.
Galaxy A10e: But you don't want to go to ship before he thought he would get it for
Galaxy A10e: For what happened and that was her fault because she got drink. She asked for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Galaxy A10e: I know I told her no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No she didn't ask for it, nobody ever asked to be taken advantage of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Galaxy A10e: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're gonna find out about your daughter and hopefully be able to talk to her doctor or somebody today about her progress and what she's doing. And again, I would encourage you to ask that worker if she had a conversation with your daughter. The last couple days.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just ask.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because something, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Spike this, that's for sure.
Galaxy A10e: Dr. I was thinking like whoa I level in mind.
Galaxy A10e: You know, we still are just normal, but every time she says, I'm like, when I talked to yesterday. She's like, I'm fine. I'm okay. I'm like, no. You keep saying you're fine, you're okay. But you're not like I understand, like, just have to let it all out, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or maybe
Galaxy A10e: I'm like, Oh, cool. They're going to this psychiatric want to try this one. Again, like I know she's not so good. Okay, so we totally thought she's gonna be okay and then all of a sudden you're worse if they say the 150 put her in a mental hospital that's just
Galaxy A10e: Scares me what threw me into our. What if a drug or something on
Galaxy A10e: My mind just goes with all those doctors racing through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta stay out of that thought process.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah I know exactly
Galaxy A10e: Just keep calling people on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and he got a breed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: I forget to breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is big stuff you're walking through and Dawn, if you do it sober. You can walk there anything silver. You have to know that.
Galaxy A10e: I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe you can do
Galaxy A10e: Thank you. So I need that.
Galaxy A10e: Because
Galaxy A10e: I got so many gray hairs, like new ones coming in. Oh my gosh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, this is a stressful situation that you're dealing with. So, of course,
You know,
Galaxy A10e: Ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're welcome. Okay. Alright, so I'm going to let you go. So you can eat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can write your questions down breathe before you get on the phone with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't attach yourself to whatever she says, whatever it is. You know what I mean, just try to disconnect from whatever it is that she's you know telling you you give your side of the information that she doesn't have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and let's just go from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you tomorrow at four o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. All right, bye read
Galaxy A10e: I will read.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right back.